# Various Small Personal and School Projects

This repository is for various smaller personal projects and work scattered about from my Nanodegree program and Masters in Data Analytics. Here I only chose to pull examples that have some self-defined context as a number of other things learned were through tiny assingments or small Jupyter notebook prompts. A couple of other projects worth checking out are in there own repositories:  My rather **lengthy "guide" with examples on [statistics in Python](https://github.com/Joshkking/Python-Statistics)** and an also fairly lengthy **set of [SQL examples and problems](https://github.com/Joshkking/SQL-Examples)** I made.

Regarding the actual items in this repository, a very brief explanation of each follows with **the bold ones probably more worth checking out**:
* AB Test Example - Less a "project" than a sort of fill-in-the-blank guide on doing an A/B test on a website visit using bootstrap and statistical testing as well as logistic regression. Guided, but a handy example.
* Basic Tableau Work - One simple project on choosing the right car (creating a dashboard for this) and another example workbook showing unintuitive Tableau exercises.
* **Credit Card Default** - This was a project with a very narrow research question from my Masters-- can you build effective models to predict credit card default using a smaller feature susbset than that listed in a corresponding published paper? (Yes) This one is of particular interest though as it shows the implementation of many predictive/machine learning techniques (knn, random forest, neural net, discriminant analysis, logistic regression, and naive bayes). While each model may not represent the absolute optimal form, I do try and present some good methods for hyperparameter tuning and setup where available.
* **Customer Churn Analysis and Prediction** - This was a project from my Masters wherein I was asked to asked to analyze customer Churn data from a made-up telecommunications company. It was a nice opportunity to use a number of tools and techniques such as various nonparametric statistical tests, a number of visualizations, factor analysis of mixed datatypes (FAMD), and both random forests and logistic regression for churn classification. The project runs from start to finish of the analysis process and, for the time, is a good example of my work.
* **DC GAN Face Generation** - A study on building artificial human faces through the use of deep convoluted generative adversarial networks. This was a fun project using the CelebA dataset and much of the framework from the seminal DCGAN paper.
* Early ML Examples - This is a simple collection of a couple of Jupyter notebooks from when I first got started utilizing machine learning algorithms from SciKit-Learn. In both cases I was fitting the model on the famous Iris dataset -- here discussing and implementing both a Decision Tree and KNN algorithm.
* **Loans Data Exploration, Analysis, and Visualization** - A modest sized project investigating loan data with a focus on creating different visualizations
* Old Javascript - A terrible old remainder piece of javascript from a website I made previously stored here simply as a memorabilia and there is no where else to put it. See readme for info.
* Simple Movie Database Investigation - An early-on simple data analysis project from start to finish
* Simple R Work - A very, very simple and short linear regression script (nothing fancy here)
* **Time Servies vs Regression** - Frustrated with my lack of knowledge on time-series based approaches and a lack of good information on the internet about the tradesoffs between ML approaches vs ARIMA-like approaches, I decided to pit the two methodologies against each other on a simple dataset!
* **Twitter Disaster Prediction** - My first NLP project. Had a number of faults for this, but I tried to be very rigorous in my logic and exploration. Had alright results!
* Wealth Inequality Numpy Sim - A very quick simulation showing how free-market exchanges must tend towards *extreme* wealth inequality over time even when chance is the only relevant factor (the "yard sale" model in economics). Just an interesting thing I was reading online and wanted to try myself.
* **Web Scrape Work** - A couple of projects - one simply that of a unique link scraper, the other a much more funn **Twitter API scrape and analysis of the WeRateDogs account**
